.TH "Luthetus.Common.RazorLib.Dropdowns.Displays.DropdownDisplay" 3 "Version 1.0.0" "Luthetus.Ide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Luthetus.Common.RazorLib.Dropdowns.Displays.DropdownDisplay
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits ComponentBase, and IDisposable\&.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBGetStyleCssString\fP (\fBDropdownRecord\fP localDropdown)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBDispose\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "override void \fBOnInitialized\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "override async Task \fBOnAfterRenderAsync\fP (bool firstRender)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "IJSRuntime \fBJsRuntime\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "IState< \fBAppDimensionState\fP > \fBAppDimensionStateWrap\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "IDispatcher \fBDispatcher\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDropdownRecord\fP \fBDropdown\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Func< \fBDropdownRecord\fP, Task > \fBOnFocusInFunc\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Func< \fBDropdownRecord\fP, Task > \fBOnFocusOutFunc\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line \fB16\fP of file \fBDropdownDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Dropdowns\&.Displays\&.DropdownDisplay\&.Dispose ()"

.PP
Definition at line \fB213\fP of file \fBDropdownDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "string Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Dropdowns\&.Displays\&.DropdownDisplay\&.GetStyleCssString (\fBDropdownRecord\fP localDropdown)"

.PP
Definition at line \fB160\fP of file \fBDropdownDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "override async Task Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Dropdowns\&.Displays\&.DropdownDisplay\&.OnAfterRenderAsync (bool firstRender)\fR [protected]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB67\fP of file \fBDropdownDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "override void Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Dropdowns\&.Displays\&.DropdownDisplay\&.OnInitialized ()\fR [protected]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB55\fP of file \fBDropdownDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "IState<\fBAppDimensionState\fP> Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Dropdowns\&.Displays\&.DropdownDisplay\&.AppDimensionStateWrap = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB21\fP of file \fBDropdownDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "IDispatcher Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Dropdowns\&.Displays\&.DropdownDisplay\&.Dispatcher = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB23\fP of file \fBDropdownDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "\fBDropdownRecord\fP Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Dropdowns\&.Displays\&.DropdownDisplay\&.Dropdown = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB28\fP of file \fBDropdownDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "IJSRuntime Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Dropdowns\&.Displays\&.DropdownDisplay\&.JsRuntime = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB19\fP of file \fBDropdownDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "Func<\fBDropdownRecord\fP, Task> Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Dropdowns\&.Displays\&.DropdownDisplay\&.OnFocusInFunc = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB30\fP of file \fBDropdownDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "Func<\fBDropdownRecord\fP, Task> Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Dropdowns\&.Displays\&.DropdownDisplay\&.OnFocusOutFunc = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB32\fP of file \fBDropdownDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Luthetus\&.Ide from the source code\&.
