.TH "Luthetus.Ide.RazorLib.InputFiles.Displays.InputFileSidebar" 3 "Version 1.0.0" "Luthetus.Ide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Luthetus.Ide.RazorLib.InputFiles.Displays.InputFileSidebar
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits ComponentBase\&.
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static readonly Key< \fBTreeViewContainer\fP > \fBTreeViewContainerKey\fP = Key<\fBTreeViewContainer\fP>\&.NewKey()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "override Task \fBOnAfterRenderAsync\fP (bool firstRender)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "Func< \fBIAbsolutePath\fP, Task > \fBSetInputFileContentTreeViewRootFunc\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "InputFileTreeViewMouseEventHandler \fBInputFileTreeViewMouseEventHandler\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "InputFileTreeViewKeyboardEventHandler \fBInputFileTreeViewKeyboardEventHandler\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "InputFileState \fBInputFileState\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIDialog\fP \fBDialogRecord\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "ElementDimensions \fBElementDimensions\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Action< \fBIAbsolutePath\fP?> \fBSetSelectedAbsolutePath\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line \fB20\fP of file \fBInputFileSidebar\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "override Task Luthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.InputFiles\&.Displays\&.InputFileSidebar\&.OnAfterRenderAsync (bool firstRender)\fR [protected]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB53\fP of file \fBInputFileSidebar\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "readonly Key<\fBTreeViewContainer\fP> Luthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.InputFiles\&.Displays\&.InputFileSidebar\&.TreeViewContainerKey = Key<\fBTreeViewContainer\fP>\&.NewKey()\fR [static]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB51\fP of file \fBInputFileSidebar\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBIDialog\fP Luthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.InputFiles\&.Displays\&.InputFileSidebar\&.DialogRecord = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB44\fP of file \fBInputFileSidebar\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "ElementDimensions Luthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.InputFiles\&.Displays\&.InputFileSidebar\&.ElementDimensions = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB47\fP of file \fBInputFileSidebar\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "InputFileState Luthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.InputFiles\&.Displays\&.InputFileSidebar\&.InputFileState = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB42\fP of file \fBInputFileSidebar\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "InputFileTreeViewKeyboardEventHandler Luthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.InputFiles\&.Displays\&.InputFileSidebar\&.InputFileTreeViewKeyboardEventHandler = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB40\fP of file \fBInputFileSidebar\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "InputFileTreeViewMouseEventHandler Luthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.InputFiles\&.Displays\&.InputFileSidebar\&.InputFileTreeViewMouseEventHandler = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB38\fP of file \fBInputFileSidebar\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "Func<\fBIAbsolutePath\fP, Task> Luthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.InputFiles\&.Displays\&.InputFileSidebar\&.SetInputFileContentTreeViewRootFunc = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB36\fP of file \fBInputFileSidebar\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "Action<\fBIAbsolutePath\fP?> Luthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.InputFiles\&.Displays\&.InputFileSidebar\&.SetSelectedAbsolutePath = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB49\fP of file \fBInputFileSidebar\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Luthetus\&.Ide from the source code\&.
