.TH "Luthetus.Common.RazorLib.Reflectives.Displays.ReflectiveConstructor" 3 "Version 1.0.0" "Luthetus.Ide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Luthetus.Common.RazorLib.Reflectives.Displays.ReflectiveConstructor
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits ComponentBase\&.
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBReflectiveModel\fP \fBDisplayState\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "ConstructorInfo \fBConstructorInfo\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBIsChosenConstructor\fP\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Action< \fBConstructorInfo\fP > \fBOnClick\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Action \fBOnUnsetChosenConstructorInfo\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBParametersKey\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line \fB9\fP of file \fBReflectiveConstructor\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "ConstructorInfo Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Reflectives\&.Displays\&.ReflectiveConstructor\&.ConstructorInfo = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB18\fP of file \fBReflectiveConstructor\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "\fBReflectiveModel\fP Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Reflectives\&.Displays\&.ReflectiveConstructor\&.DisplayState = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB15\fP of file \fBReflectiveConstructor\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "bool Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Reflectives\&.Displays\&.ReflectiveConstructor\&.IsChosenConstructor\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB20\fP of file \fBReflectiveConstructor\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "Action<\fBConstructorInfo\fP> Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Reflectives\&.Displays\&.ReflectiveConstructor\&.OnClick = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB22\fP of file \fBReflectiveConstructor\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "Action Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Reflectives\&.Displays\&.ReflectiveConstructor\&.OnUnsetChosenConstructorInfo = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB24\fP of file \fBReflectiveConstructor\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "string Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Reflectives\&.Displays\&.ReflectiveConstructor\&.ParametersKey = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB26\fP of file \fBReflectiveConstructor\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Luthetus\&.Ide from the source code\&.
