.TH "Luthetus.Common.RazorLib.Options.Models" 3 "Version 1.0.0" "Luthetus.Ide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Luthetus.Common.RazorLib.Options.Models
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBAppOptionsService\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "interface \fBIAppOptionsService\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBInputViewModel\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "record \fBCommonOptions\fP (int FontSizeInPixels, int IconSizeInPixels, int ResizeHandleWidthInPixels, int ResizeHandleHeightInPixels, Key< \fBThemeRecord\fP > ThemeKey, string? FontFamily, bool ShowPanelTitles)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "record \fBCommonOptionsJsonDto\fP (int? FontSizeInPixels, int? IconSizeInPixels, int? ResizeHandleWidthInPixels, int? ResizeHandleHeightInPixels, Key< \fBThemeRecord\fP >? ThemeKey, string? FontFamily)"
.br
.RI "This type needs to exist so the \fBCommonOptions\fP properties can be nullable, as in they were not already in local storage\&. Whereas throughout the app they should never be null\&. "
.in -1c
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "record Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Options\&.Models\&.CommonOptions (int FontSizeInPixels, int IconSizeInPixels, int ResizeHandleWidthInPixels, int ResizeHandleHeightInPixels, Key< \fBThemeRecord\fP > ThemeKey, string? FontFamily, bool ShowPanelTitles)"

.SS "record Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Options\&.Models\&.CommonOptionsJsonDto (int? FontSizeInPixels, int? IconSizeInPixels, int? ResizeHandleWidthInPixels, int? ResizeHandleHeightInPixels, Key< \fBThemeRecord\fP >? ThemeKey, string? FontFamily)"

.PP
This type needs to exist so the \fBCommonOptions\fP properties can be nullable, as in they were not already in local storage\&. Whereas throughout the app they should never be null\&. 
.PP
Definition at line \fB10\fP of file \fBCommonOptionsJsonDto\&.cs\fP\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Luthetus\&.Ide from the source code\&.
