.TH "Luthetus.Ide.RazorLib.Shareds.Displays.IdeHeader" 3 "Version 1.0.0" "Luthetus.Ide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Luthetus.Ide.RazorLib.Shareds.Displays.IdeHeader
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits ComponentBase, and IDisposable\&.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBDispose\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "ElementReference? \fB_buttonFileElementReference\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "ElementReference? \fB_buttonToolsElementReference\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "ElementReference? \fB_buttonViewElementReference\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "ElementReference? \fB_buttonRunElementReference\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "override void \fBOnInitialized\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line \fB39\fP of file \fBIdeHeader\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void Luthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.Shareds\&.Displays\&.IdeHeader\&.Dispose ()"

.PP
Definition at line \fB544\fP of file \fBIdeHeader\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "override void Luthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.Shareds\&.Displays\&.IdeHeader\&.OnInitialized ()\fR [protected]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB87\fP of file \fBIdeHeader\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "ElementReference? Luthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.Shareds\&.Displays\&.IdeHeader\&._buttonFileElementReference"

.PP
Definition at line \fB77\fP of file \fBIdeHeader\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "ElementReference? Luthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.Shareds\&.Displays\&.IdeHeader\&._buttonRunElementReference"

.PP
Definition at line \fB80\fP of file \fBIdeHeader\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "ElementReference? Luthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.Shareds\&.Displays\&.IdeHeader\&._buttonToolsElementReference"

.PP
Definition at line \fB78\fP of file \fBIdeHeader\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "ElementReference? Luthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.Shareds\&.Displays\&.IdeHeader\&._buttonViewElementReference"

.PP
Definition at line \fB79\fP of file \fBIdeHeader\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Luthetus\&.Ide from the source code\&.
