.TH "Luthetus.Common.RazorLib.TreeViews.Displays.TreeViewNodeDisplay" 3 "Version 1.0.0" "Luthetus.Ide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Luthetus.Common.RazorLib.TreeViews.Displays.TreeViewNodeDisplay
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits ComponentBase\&.
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "override bool \fBShouldRender\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "override async Task \fBOnAfterRenderAsync\fP (bool firstRender)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "TreeViewContainer \fBTreeViewContainer\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Func< MouseEventArgs?, Key< \fBTreeViewContainer\fP >, \fBTreeViewNoType\fP?, Task > \fBHandleTreeViewOnContextMenu\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "TreeViewMouseEventHandler \fBTreeViewMouseEventHandler\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "TreeViewKeyboardEventHandler \fBTreeViewKeyboardEventHandler\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOffsetPerDepthInPixels\fP = 12\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBWidthOfTitleExpansionChevron\fP = 16\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "TreeViewNoType \fBTreeViewNoType\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBDepth\fP\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line \fB12\fP of file \fBTreeViewNodeDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "override async Task Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.TreeViews\&.Displays\&.TreeViewNodeDisplay\&.OnAfterRenderAsync (bool firstRender)\fR [protected]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB64\fP of file \fBTreeViewNodeDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "override bool Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.TreeViews\&.Displays\&.TreeViewNodeDisplay\&.ShouldRender ()\fR [protected]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB53\fP of file \fBTreeViewNodeDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.TreeViews\&.Displays\&.TreeViewNodeDisplay\&.Depth\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB37\fP of file \fBTreeViewNodeDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "Func<MouseEventArgs?, Key<\fBTreeViewContainer\fP>, \fBTreeViewNoType\fP?, Task> Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.TreeViews\&.Displays\&.TreeViewNodeDisplay\&.HandleTreeViewOnContextMenu = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB24\fP of file \fBTreeViewNodeDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "int Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.TreeViews\&.Displays\&.TreeViewNodeDisplay\&.OffsetPerDepthInPixels = 12\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB30\fP of file \fBTreeViewNodeDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "TreeViewContainer Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.TreeViews\&.Displays\&.TreeViewNodeDisplay\&.TreeViewContainer = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB22\fP of file \fBTreeViewNodeDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "TreeViewKeyboardEventHandler Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.TreeViews\&.Displays\&.TreeViewNodeDisplay\&.TreeViewKeyboardEventHandler = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB28\fP of file \fBTreeViewNodeDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "TreeViewMouseEventHandler Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.TreeViews\&.Displays\&.TreeViewNodeDisplay\&.TreeViewMouseEventHandler = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB26\fP of file \fBTreeViewNodeDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "TreeViewNoType Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.TreeViews\&.Displays\&.TreeViewNodeDisplay\&.TreeViewNoType = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB35\fP of file \fBTreeViewNodeDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "int Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.TreeViews\&.Displays\&.TreeViewNodeDisplay\&.WidthOfTitleExpansionChevron = 16\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB32\fP of file \fBTreeViewNodeDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Luthetus\&.Ide from the source code\&.
