.TH "Luthetus.TextEditor.RazorLib.Virtualizations.Models" 3 "Version 1.0.0" "Luthetus.Ide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Luthetus.TextEditor.RazorLib.Virtualizations.Models
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "interface \fBIVirtualizationResultWithoutTypeMask\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "record \fBVirtualizationBoundary\fP (double? WidthInPixels, double? HeightInPixels, double? LeftInPixels, double? TopInPixels)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "record \fBVirtualizationEntry< T >\fP (int Index, T Item, double? WidthInPixels, double? HeightInPixels, double? LeftInPixels, double? TopInPixels)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "record \fBVirtualizationRequest\fP (\fBVirtualizationScrollPosition\fP ScrollPosition, CancellationToken CancellationToken)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "record \fBVirtualizationScrollPosition\fP (double ScrollLeftInPixels, double ScrollTopInPixels, double ScrollWidthInPixels, double ScrollHeightInPixels)"
.br
.RI "ScrollWidthInPixels may represent either the JavaScript value of checking scrollWidth on a scrollable element\&. 
.br
 OR 
.br
 ScrollWidthInPixels may represent the maximum width of a faked scrollbar (overflow: hidden for example) 
.br
 ALSO 
.br
 The comment about ScrollWidthInPixels also applies to the height for ScrollHeightInPixels "
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "record \fBVirtualizationResult< T >\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "record \fBVirtualizationBoundary\fP \fBleftVirtualizationBoundary\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "record \fBVirtualizationBoundary\fP \fBVirtualizationBoundary\fP \fBrightVirtualizationBoundary\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "record \fBVirtualizationBoundary\fP \fBVirtualizationBoundary\fP \fBVirtualizationBoundary\fP \fBtopVirtualizationBoundary\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "record Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.Virtualizations\&.Models\&.VirtualizationBoundary (double? WidthInPixels, double? HeightInPixels, double? LeftInPixels, double? TopInPixels)"

.SS "record Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.Virtualizations\&.Models\&.VirtualizationEntry< T > (int Index, T Item, double? WidthInPixels, double? HeightInPixels, double? LeftInPixels, double? TopInPixels)"

.SS "record Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.Virtualizations\&.Models\&.VirtualizationRequest (\fBVirtualizationScrollPosition\fP ScrollPosition, CancellationToken CancellationToken)"

.SS "record Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.Virtualizations\&.Models\&.VirtualizationScrollPosition (double ScrollLeftInPixels, double ScrollTopInPixels, double ScrollWidthInPixels, double ScrollHeightInPixels)"

.PP
ScrollWidthInPixels may represent either the JavaScript value of checking scrollWidth on a scrollable element\&. 
.br
 OR 
.br
 ScrollWidthInPixels may represent the maximum width of a faked scrollbar (overflow: hidden for example) 
.br
 ALSO 
.br
 The comment about ScrollWidthInPixels also applies to the height for ScrollHeightInPixels 
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "record \fBVirtualizationBoundary\fP Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.Virtualizations\&.Models\&.leftVirtualizationBoundary"

.PP
Definition at line \fB9\fP of file \fBVirtualizationResult\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "record \fBVirtualizationBoundary\fP \fBVirtualizationBoundary\fP Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.Virtualizations\&.Models\&.rightVirtualizationBoundary"

.PP
Definition at line \fB10\fP of file \fBVirtualizationResult\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "record \fBVirtualizationBoundary\fP \fBVirtualizationBoundary\fP \fBVirtualizationBoundary\fP Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.Virtualizations\&.Models\&.topVirtualizationBoundary"

.PP
Definition at line \fB11\fP of file \fBVirtualizationResult\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "record Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.Virtualizations\&.Models\&.VirtualizationResult< T >"

.PP
Definition at line \fB5\fP of file \fBVirtualizationResult\&.cs\fP\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Luthetus\&.Ide from the source code\&.
