.TH "Luthetus.Common.RazorLib.Reflectives.Displays.ReflectiveVariable" 3 "Version 1.0.0" "Luthetus.Ide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Luthetus.Common.RazorLib.Reflectives.Displays.ReflectiveVariable
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits ComponentBase\&.
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBReflectiveModel\fP \fBModel\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBParametersKey\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBVariableName\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Type \fBVariableType\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBIsProperty\fP\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line \fB7\fP of file \fBReflectiveVariable\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "bool Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Reflectives\&.Displays\&.ReflectiveVariable\&.IsProperty\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB20\fP of file \fBReflectiveVariable\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "\fBReflectiveModel\fP Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Reflectives\&.Displays\&.ReflectiveVariable\&.Model = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB10\fP of file \fBReflectiveVariable\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "string Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Reflectives\&.Displays\&.ReflectiveVariable\&.ParametersKey = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB13\fP of file \fBReflectiveVariable\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "string Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Reflectives\&.Displays\&.ReflectiveVariable\&.VariableName = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB15\fP of file \fBReflectiveVariable\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "Type Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Reflectives\&.Displays\&.ReflectiveVariable\&.VariableType = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB17\fP of file \fBReflectiveVariable\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Luthetus\&.Ide from the source code\&.
