.TH "Luthetus.TextEditor.RazorLib.TextEditors.Displays.TextEditorViewModelDisplay" 3 "Version 1.0.0" "Luthetus.Ide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Luthetus.TextEditor.RazorLib.TextEditors.Displays.TextEditorViewModelDisplay
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits ComponentBase, and IDisposable\&.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "Task \fBFocusTextEditorAsync\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBDispose\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "TextEditorRenderBatchUnsafe? \fBTextEditorRenderBatchValidated\fP Validated \fB_storedRenderBatchTuple\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBVirtualizationDriver\fP \fB_gutterVirtualizationDriver\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBVirtualizationDriver\fP \fB_bodyVirtualizationDriver\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBPresentationAndSelectionDriver\fP \fB_presentationAndSelectionDriver\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBCursorDriver\fP \fB_cursorDriver\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "override void \fBOnInitialized\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "override void \fBOnParametersSet\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "override bool \fBShouldRender\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "override async Task \fBOnAfterRenderAsync\fP (bool firstRender)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "IState< \fBTextEditorState\fP > \fBTextEditorStateWrap\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "IState< \fBTextEditorOptionsState\fP > \fBTextEditorOptionsStateWrap\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "IState< \fBAppDimensionState\fP > \fBAppDimensionStateWrap\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "IDispatcher \fBDispatcher\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "IServiceProvider \fBServiceProvider\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBITextEditorService\fP \fBTextEditorService\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIAutocompleteIndexer\fP \fBAutocompleteIndexer\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "IJSRuntime \fBJsRuntime\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIClipboardService\fP \fBClipboardService\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIBackgroundTaskService\fP \fBBackgroundTaskService\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBILuthetusTextEditorComponentRenderers\fP \fBTextEditorComponentRenderers\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIEnvironmentProvider\fP \fBEnvironmentProvider\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBIDialogService\fP \fBDialogService\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBLuthetusTextEditorConfig\fP \fBTextEditorConfig\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Key< \fBTextEditorViewModel\fP > \fBTextEditorViewModelKey\fP = Key<\fBTextEditorViewModel\fP>\&.Empty\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "ViewModelDisplayOptions \fBViewModelDisplayOptions\fP = new()\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBCOUNT_OF_TEST_CHARACTERS\fP\fR [get]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBTextEditorComponentData\fP \fBComponentData\fP\fR [get]\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Events"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "Action? \fBRenderBatchChanged\fP"
.br
.RI "Any external UI that isn't a child component of this can subscribe to this event, and then synchronize with what the text editor is rendering\&.
.br

.br
\&. "
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line \fB29\fP of file \fBTextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.TextEditors\&.Displays\&.TextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.Dispose ()"

.PP
Definition at line \fB774\fP of file \fBTextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "Task Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.TextEditors\&.Displays\&.TextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.FocusTextEditorAsync ()"

.PP
Definition at line \fB344\fP of file \fBTextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "override async Task Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.TextEditors\&.Displays\&.TextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.OnAfterRenderAsync (bool firstRender)\fR [protected]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB207\fP of file \fBTextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "override void Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.TextEditors\&.Displays\&.TextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.OnInitialized ()\fR [protected]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB116\fP of file \fBTextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "override void Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.TextEditors\&.Displays\&.TextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.OnParametersSet ()\fR [protected]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB150\fP of file \fBTextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "override bool Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.TextEditors\&.Displays\&.TextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.ShouldRender ()\fR [protected]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB156\fP of file \fBTextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBVirtualizationDriver\fP Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.TextEditors\&.Displays\&.TextEditorViewModelDisplay\&._bodyVirtualizationDriver"

.PP
Definition at line \fB83\fP of file \fBTextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "\fBCursorDriver\fP Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.TextEditors\&.Displays\&.TextEditorViewModelDisplay\&._cursorDriver"

.PP
Definition at line \fB86\fP of file \fBTextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "\fBVirtualizationDriver\fP Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.TextEditors\&.Displays\&.TextEditorViewModelDisplay\&._gutterVirtualizationDriver"

.PP
Definition at line \fB81\fP of file \fBTextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "\fBPresentationAndSelectionDriver\fP Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.TextEditors\&.Displays\&.TextEditorViewModelDisplay\&._presentationAndSelectionDriver"

.PP
Definition at line \fB85\fP of file \fBTextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "TextEditorRenderBatchUnsafe? \fBTextEditorRenderBatchValidated\fP Validated Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.TextEditors\&.Displays\&.TextEditorViewModelDisplay\&._storedRenderBatchTuple"

.PP
Definition at line \fB77\fP of file \fBTextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "IState<\fBAppDimensionState\fP> Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.TextEditors\&.Displays\&.TextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.AppDimensionStateWrap = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB36\fP of file \fBTextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "\fBIAutocompleteIndexer\fP Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.TextEditors\&.Displays\&.TextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.AutocompleteIndexer = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB46\fP of file \fBTextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "\fBIBackgroundTaskService\fP Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.TextEditors\&.Displays\&.TextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.BackgroundTaskService = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB52\fP of file \fBTextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "\fBIClipboardService\fP Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.TextEditors\&.Displays\&.TextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.ClipboardService = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB50\fP of file \fBTextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "\fBTextEditorComponentData\fP Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.TextEditors\&.Displays\&.TextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.ComponentData\fR [get]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB104\fP of file \fBTextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "int Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.TextEditors\&.Displays\&.TextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.COUNT_OF_TEST_CHARACTERS\fR [get]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB98\fP of file \fBTextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "\fBIDialogService\fP Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.TextEditors\&.Displays\&.TextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.DialogService = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB58\fP of file \fBTextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "IDispatcher Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.TextEditors\&.Displays\&.TextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.Dispatcher = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB40\fP of file \fBTextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "\fBIEnvironmentProvider\fP Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.TextEditors\&.Displays\&.TextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.EnvironmentProvider = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB56\fP of file \fBTextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "IJSRuntime Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.TextEditors\&.Displays\&.TextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.JsRuntime = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB48\fP of file \fBTextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "IServiceProvider Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.TextEditors\&.Displays\&.TextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.ServiceProvider = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB42\fP of file \fBTextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "\fBILuthetusTextEditorComponentRenderers\fP Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.TextEditors\&.Displays\&.TextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.TextEditorComponentRenderers = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB54\fP of file \fBTextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "\fBLuthetusTextEditorConfig\fP Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.TextEditors\&.Displays\&.TextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.TextEditorConfig = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB60\fP of file \fBTextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "IState<\fBTextEditorOptionsState\fP> Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.TextEditors\&.Displays\&.TextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.TextEditorOptionsStateWrap = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB34\fP of file \fBTextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "\fBITextEditorService\fP Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.TextEditors\&.Displays\&.TextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.TextEditorService = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB44\fP of file \fBTextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "IState<\fBTextEditorState\fP> Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.TextEditors\&.Displays\&.TextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.TextEditorStateWrap = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB32\fP of file \fBTextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "Key<\fBTextEditorViewModel\fP> Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.TextEditors\&.Displays\&.TextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.TextEditorViewModelKey = Key<\fBTextEditorViewModel\fP>\&.Empty\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB63\fP of file \fBTextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "ViewModelDisplayOptions Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.TextEditors\&.Displays\&.TextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.ViewModelDisplayOptions = new()\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB66\fP of file \fBTextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SH "Event Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Action? Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.TextEditors\&.Displays\&.TextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.RenderBatchChanged"

.PP
Any external UI that isn't a child component of this can subscribe to this event, and then synchronize with what the text editor is rendering\&.
.br

.br
\&. A result of this, is that one can have 'extra' components that are low priority rendering\&. Because one can throttle the rendering of those low priority components, and they will be up to date eventually regardless of how long the throttle is\&.
.br

.br
 
.PP
Definition at line \fB114\fP of file \fBTextEditorViewModelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Luthetus\&.Ide from the source code\&.
