.TH "Luthetus.TextEditor.RazorLib.Options.Models" 3 "Version 1.0.0" "Luthetus.Ide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Luthetus.TextEditor.RazorLib.Options.Models
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "interface \fBITextEditorOptionsApi\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBTextEditorOptionsApi\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "record \fBTextEditorOptions\fP (\fBCommonOptions\fP \fBCommonOptions\fP, bool ShowWhitespace, bool ShowNewlines, int? TextEditorHeightInPixels, double CursorWidthInPixels, \fBKeymap\fP \fBKeymap\fP, bool UseMonospaceOptimizations)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "record \fBTextEditorOptionsJsonDto\fP (\fBCommonOptionsJsonDto\fP? \fBCommonOptionsJsonDto\fP, bool? ShowWhitespace, bool? ShowNewlines, int? TextEditorHeightInPixels, double? CursorWidthInPixels, \fBKeymap\fP? \fBKeymap\fP, bool? UseMonospaceOptimizations)"
.br
.RI "This type needs to exist so the \fBTextEditorOptions\fP properties can be nullable, as in they were not already in local storage\&. Whereas throughout the app they should never be null\&. "
.in -1c
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "record Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.Options\&.Models\&.TextEditorOptions (\fBCommonOptions\fP CommonOptions, bool ShowWhitespace, bool ShowNewlines, int? TextEditorHeightInPixels, double CursorWidthInPixels, \fBKeymap\fP Keymap, bool UseMonospaceOptimizations)"

.PP
Definition at line \fB8\fP of file \fBTextEditorOptions\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "record Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.Options\&.Models\&.TextEditorOptionsJsonDto (\fBCommonOptionsJsonDto\fP? CommonOptionsJsonDto, bool? ShowWhitespace, bool? ShowNewlines, int? TextEditorHeightInPixels, double? CursorWidthInPixels, \fBKeymap\fP? Keymap, bool? UseMonospaceOptimizations)"

.PP
This type needs to exist so the \fBTextEditorOptions\fP properties can be nullable, as in they were not already in local storage\&. Whereas throughout the app they should never be null\&. 
.PP
Definition at line \fB12\fP of file \fBTextEditorOptionsJsonDto\&.cs\fP\&.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Luthetus\&.Ide from the source code\&.
