.TH "Luthetus.Ide.RazorLib.InputFiles.Displays.InputFileContent" 3 "Version 1.0.0" "Luthetus.Ide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Luthetus.Ide.RazorLib.InputFiles.Displays.InputFileContent
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits ComponentBase\&.
.SS "Static Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static readonly Key< \fBTreeViewContainer\fP > \fBTreeViewContainerKey\fP = Key<\fBTreeViewContainer\fP>\&.NewKey()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "override async Task \fBOnAfterRenderAsync\fP (bool firstRender)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "Func< \fBIAbsolutePath\fP, Task > \fBSetInputFileContentTreeViewRootFunc\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "InputFileTreeViewMouseEventHandler \fBInputFileTreeViewMouseEventHandler\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "InputFileTreeViewKeyboardEventHandler \fBInputFileTreeViewKeyboardEventHandler\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "InputFileState \fBInputFileState\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "ElementDimensions \fBElementDimensions\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Action< \fBIAbsolutePath\fP?> \fBSetSelectedAbsolutePath\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line \fB11\fP of file \fBInputFileContent\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "override async Task Luthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.InputFiles\&.Displays\&.InputFileContent\&.OnAfterRenderAsync (bool firstRender)\fR [protected]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB34\fP of file \fBInputFileContent\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "readonly Key<\fBTreeViewContainer\fP> Luthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.InputFiles\&.Displays\&.InputFileContent\&.TreeViewContainerKey = Key<\fBTreeViewContainer\fP>\&.NewKey()\fR [static]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB32\fP of file \fBInputFileContent\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "ElementDimensions Luthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.InputFiles\&.Displays\&.InputFileContent\&.ElementDimensions = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB28\fP of file \fBInputFileContent\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "InputFileState Luthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.InputFiles\&.Displays\&.InputFileContent\&.InputFileState = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB25\fP of file \fBInputFileContent\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "InputFileTreeViewKeyboardEventHandler Luthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.InputFiles\&.Displays\&.InputFileContent\&.InputFileTreeViewKeyboardEventHandler = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB23\fP of file \fBInputFileContent\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "InputFileTreeViewMouseEventHandler Luthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.InputFiles\&.Displays\&.InputFileContent\&.InputFileTreeViewMouseEventHandler = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB21\fP of file \fBInputFileContent\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "Func<\fBIAbsolutePath\fP, Task> Luthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.InputFiles\&.Displays\&.InputFileContent\&.SetInputFileContentTreeViewRootFunc = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB19\fP of file \fBInputFileContent\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "Action<\fBIAbsolutePath\fP?> Luthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.InputFiles\&.Displays\&.InputFileContent\&.SetSelectedAbsolutePath = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB30\fP of file \fBInputFileContent\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Luthetus\&.Ide from the source code\&.
