.TH "Luthetus.Common.RazorLib.Panels.Displays.PanelGroupDisplay" 3 "Version 1.0.0" "Luthetus.Ide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Luthetus.Common.RazorLib.Panels.Displays.PanelGroupDisplay
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits FluxorComponent\&.
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "override async Task \fBOnAfterRenderAsync\fP (bool firstRender)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "Key< PanelGroup > \fBPanelGroupKey\fP = Key<PanelGroup>\&.Empty\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBElementDimensions\fP \fBAdjacentElementDimensions\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDimensionAttributeKind\fP \fBDimensionAttributeKind\fP\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Func< Task > \fBReRenderSelfAndAdjacentElementDimensionsFunc\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBCssClassString\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "RenderFragment? \fBJustifyEndRenderFragment\fP = null\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBDimensionAttributeModificationPurpose\fP\fR [get]\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line \fB16\fP of file \fBPanelGroupDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "override async Task Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Panels\&.Displays\&.PanelGroupDisplay\&.OnAfterRenderAsync (bool firstRender)\fR [protected]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB45\fP of file \fBPanelGroupDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBElementDimensions\fP Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Panels\&.Displays\&.PanelGroupDisplay\&.AdjacentElementDimensions = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB30\fP of file \fBPanelGroupDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "string Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Panels\&.Displays\&.PanelGroupDisplay\&.CssClassString = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB37\fP of file \fBPanelGroupDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "\fBDimensionAttributeKind\fP Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Panels\&.Displays\&.PanelGroupDisplay\&.DimensionAttributeKind\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB32\fP of file \fBPanelGroupDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "string Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Panels\&.Displays\&.PanelGroupDisplay\&.DimensionAttributeModificationPurpose\fR [get]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB41\fP of file \fBPanelGroupDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "RenderFragment? Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Panels\&.Displays\&.PanelGroupDisplay\&.JustifyEndRenderFragment = null\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB39\fP of file \fBPanelGroupDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "Key<PanelGroup> Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Panels\&.Displays\&.PanelGroupDisplay\&.PanelGroupKey = Key<PanelGroup>\&.Empty\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB28\fP of file \fBPanelGroupDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "Func<Task> Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Panels\&.Displays\&.PanelGroupDisplay\&.ReRenderSelfAndAdjacentElementDimensionsFunc = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB34\fP of file \fBPanelGroupDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Luthetus\&.Ide from the source code\&.
