.TH "Luthetus.Ide.RazorLib.FormsGenerics.Displays.BooleanPromptOrCancelDisplay" 3 "Version 1.0.0" "Luthetus.Ide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Luthetus.Ide.RazorLib.FormsGenerics.Displays.BooleanPromptOrCancelDisplay
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits ComponentBase, and \fBLuthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.ComponentRenderers\&.Models\&.IBooleanPromptOrCancelRendererType\fP\&.
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "override async Task \fBOnAfterRenderAsync\fP (bool firstRender)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "MenuOptionCallbacks? \fBMenuOptionCallbacks\fP\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBIncludeCancelOption\fP\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBMessage\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "List< string >? \fBListOfMessages\fP = null\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.RI "TODO: I am adding multi-select in treeview\&. For the delete ContextMenuOption,\&.\&.\&. I'd like to list out each file that is to be deleted\&. If I use the current way of \fBMessage\fP then all the files are written on one line of text\&. I want newlines between each file\&. (2024-02-23)\&. "
.ti -1c
.RI "string? \fBAcceptOptionTextOverride\fP\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string? \fBDeclineOptionTextOverride\fP\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Func< Task > \fBOnAfterAcceptFunc\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Func< Task > \fBOnAfterDeclineFunc\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Func< Task > \fBOnAfterCancelFunc\fP = null!\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line \fB9\fP of file \fBBooleanPromptOrCancelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "override async Task Luthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.FormsGenerics\&.Displays\&.BooleanPromptOrCancelDisplay\&.OnAfterRenderAsync (bool firstRender)\fR [protected]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB40\fP of file \fBBooleanPromptOrCancelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "string? Luthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.FormsGenerics\&.Displays\&.BooleanPromptOrCancelDisplay\&.AcceptOptionTextOverride\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Implements \fBLuthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.ComponentRenderers\&.Models\&.IBooleanPromptOrCancelRendererType\fP\&.
.PP
Definition at line \fB28\fP of file \fBBooleanPromptOrCancelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "string? Luthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.FormsGenerics\&.Displays\&.BooleanPromptOrCancelDisplay\&.DeclineOptionTextOverride\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Implements \fBLuthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.ComponentRenderers\&.Models\&.IBooleanPromptOrCancelRendererType\fP\&.
.PP
Definition at line \fB30\fP of file \fBBooleanPromptOrCancelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "bool Luthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.FormsGenerics\&.Displays\&.BooleanPromptOrCancelDisplay\&.IncludeCancelOption\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Implements \fBLuthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.ComponentRenderers\&.Models\&.IBooleanPromptOrCancelRendererType\fP\&.
.PP
Definition at line \fB15\fP of file \fBBooleanPromptOrCancelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "List<string>? Luthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.FormsGenerics\&.Displays\&.BooleanPromptOrCancelDisplay\&.ListOfMessages = null\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
TODO: I am adding multi-select in treeview\&. For the delete ContextMenuOption,\&.\&.\&. I'd like to list out each file that is to be deleted\&. If I use the current way of \fBMessage\fP then all the files are written on one line of text\&. I want newlines between each file\&. (2024-02-23)\&. 
.PP
Definition at line \fB26\fP of file \fBBooleanPromptOrCancelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "MenuOptionCallbacks? Luthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.FormsGenerics\&.Displays\&.BooleanPromptOrCancelDisplay\&.MenuOptionCallbacks\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB12\fP of file \fBBooleanPromptOrCancelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "string Luthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.FormsGenerics\&.Displays\&.BooleanPromptOrCancelDisplay\&.Message = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Implements \fBLuthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.ComponentRenderers\&.Models\&.IBooleanPromptOrCancelRendererType\fP\&.
.PP
Definition at line \fB17\fP of file \fBBooleanPromptOrCancelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "Func<Task> Luthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.FormsGenerics\&.Displays\&.BooleanPromptOrCancelDisplay\&.OnAfterAcceptFunc = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Implements \fBLuthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.ComponentRenderers\&.Models\&.IBooleanPromptOrCancelRendererType\fP\&.
.PP
Definition at line \fB32\fP of file \fBBooleanPromptOrCancelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "Func<Task> Luthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.FormsGenerics\&.Displays\&.BooleanPromptOrCancelDisplay\&.OnAfterCancelFunc = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Implements \fBLuthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.ComponentRenderers\&.Models\&.IBooleanPromptOrCancelRendererType\fP\&.
.PP
Definition at line \fB36\fP of file \fBBooleanPromptOrCancelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "Func<Task> Luthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.FormsGenerics\&.Displays\&.BooleanPromptOrCancelDisplay\&.OnAfterDeclineFunc = null!\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Implements \fBLuthetus\&.Ide\&.RazorLib\&.ComponentRenderers\&.Models\&.IBooleanPromptOrCancelRendererType\fP\&.
.PP
Definition at line \fB34\fP of file \fBBooleanPromptOrCancelDisplay\&.razor\&.cs\fP\&.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Luthetus\&.Ide from the source code\&.
