.TH "Luthetus.TextEditor.RazorLib.Diffs.Models.TextEditorDiffCell" 3 "Version 1.0.0" "Luthetus.Ide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Luthetus.TextEditor.RazorLib.Diffs.Models.TextEditorDiffCell
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBTextEditorDiffCell\fP (char? beforeCharValue, char? afterCharValue, int weight, bool isSourceOfRowWeight)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "char? \fBBeforeCharValue\fP\fR [get]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "char? \fBAfterCharValue\fP\fR [get]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBWeight\fP\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBIsSourceOfRowWeight\fP\fR [get]\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line \fB3\fP of file \fBTextEditorDiffCell\&.cs\fP\&.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.Diffs\&.Models\&.TextEditorDiffCell\&.TextEditorDiffCell (char? beforeCharValue, char? afterCharValue, int weight, bool isSourceOfRowWeight)"

.PP
Definition at line \fB5\fP of file \fBTextEditorDiffCell\&.cs\fP\&.
.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char? Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.Diffs\&.Models\&.TextEditorDiffCell\&.AfterCharValue\fR [get]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB18\fP of file \fBTextEditorDiffCell\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "char? Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.Diffs\&.Models\&.TextEditorDiffCell\&.BeforeCharValue\fR [get]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB17\fP of file \fBTextEditorDiffCell\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "bool Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.Diffs\&.Models\&.TextEditorDiffCell\&.IsSourceOfRowWeight\fR [get]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB20\fP of file \fBTextEditorDiffCell\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "int Luthetus\&.TextEditor\&.RazorLib\&.Diffs\&.Models\&.TextEditorDiffCell\&.Weight\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB19\fP of file \fBTextEditorDiffCell\&.cs\fP\&.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Luthetus\&.Ide from the source code\&.
