.TH "Luthetus.Common.RazorLib.Notifications.Models.NotificationViewModel" 3 "Version 1.0.0" "Luthetus.Ide" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Luthetus.Common.RazorLib.Notifications.Models.NotificationViewModel
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits \fBLuthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Dynamics\&.Models\&.INotification\fP\&.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBNotificationViewModel\fP (Key< \fBIDynamicViewModel\fP > dynamicViewModelKey, string title, Type componentType, Dictionary< string, object?>? componentParameterMap, TimeSpan? notificationOverlayLifespan, bool deleteNotificationAfterOverlayIsDismissed, string? cssClassString)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "Key< \fBIDynamicViewModel\fP > \fBDynamicViewModelKey\fP\fR [get]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "TimeSpan? \fBNotificationOverlayLifespan\fP\fR [get]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBDeleteNotificationAfterOverlayIsDismissed\fP\fR [get]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string? \fBCssClassString\fP\fR [get]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBTitle\fP\fR [get]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBTitleVerbose\fP\fR [get]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Type \fBComponentType\fP\fR [get]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "Dictionary< string, object?>? \fBComponentParameterMap\fP\fR [get]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string? \fBCssClass\fP\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string? \fBCssStyle\fP\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "ElementDimensions \fBElementDimensions\fP = new()\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string? \fBNotificationCssClass\fP\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string? \fBNotificationCssStyle\fP\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string? \fBSetFocusOnCloseElementId\fP\fR [get, set]\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Additional Inherited Members"


Static Public Attributes inherited from \fBLuthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Dynamics\&.Models\&.IDynamicViewModel\fP
.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static readonly string \fBDefaultSetFocusOnCloseElementId\fP = ContextFacts\&.GlobalContext\&.ContextElementId"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line \fB7\fP of file \fBNotificationViewModel\&.cs\fP\&.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Notifications\&.Models\&.NotificationViewModel\&.NotificationViewModel (Key< \fBIDynamicViewModel\fP > dynamicViewModelKey, string title, Type componentType, Dictionary< string, object?>? componentParameterMap, TimeSpan? notificationOverlayLifespan, bool deleteNotificationAfterOverlayIsDismissed, string? cssClassString)"

.PP
Definition at line \fB9\fP of file \fBNotificationViewModel\&.cs\fP\&.
.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Dictionary<string, object?>? Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Notifications\&.Models\&.NotificationViewModel\&.ComponentParameterMap\fR [get]\fP"

.PP
Implements \fBLuthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Dynamics\&.Models\&.IDynamicViewModel\fP\&.
.PP
Definition at line \fB34\fP of file \fBNotificationViewModel\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "Type Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Notifications\&.Models\&.NotificationViewModel\&.ComponentType\fR [get]\fP"

.PP
Implements \fBLuthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Dynamics\&.Models\&.IDynamicViewModel\fP\&.
.PP
Definition at line \fB33\fP of file \fBNotificationViewModel\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "string? Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Notifications\&.Models\&.NotificationViewModel\&.CssClass\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB35\fP of file \fBNotificationViewModel\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "string? Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Notifications\&.Models\&.NotificationViewModel\&.CssClassString\fR [get]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB30\fP of file \fBNotificationViewModel\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "string? Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Notifications\&.Models\&.NotificationViewModel\&.CssStyle\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB36\fP of file \fBNotificationViewModel\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "bool Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Notifications\&.Models\&.NotificationViewModel\&.DeleteNotificationAfterOverlayIsDismissed\fR [get]\fP"

.PP
Implements \fBLuthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Dynamics\&.Models\&.INotification\fP\&.
.PP
Definition at line \fB29\fP of file \fBNotificationViewModel\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "Key<\fBIDynamicViewModel\fP> Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Notifications\&.Models\&.NotificationViewModel\&.DynamicViewModelKey\fR [get]\fP"

.PP
Implements \fBLuthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Dynamics\&.Models\&.IDynamicViewModel\fP\&.
.PP
Definition at line \fB27\fP of file \fBNotificationViewModel\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "ElementDimensions Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Notifications\&.Models\&.NotificationViewModel\&.ElementDimensions = new()\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Definition at line \fB37\fP of file \fBNotificationViewModel\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "string? Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Notifications\&.Models\&.NotificationViewModel\&.NotificationCssClass\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Implements \fBLuthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Dynamics\&.Models\&.INotification\fP\&.
.PP
Definition at line \fB38\fP of file \fBNotificationViewModel\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "string? Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Notifications\&.Models\&.NotificationViewModel\&.NotificationCssStyle\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Implements \fBLuthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Dynamics\&.Models\&.INotification\fP\&.
.PP
Definition at line \fB39\fP of file \fBNotificationViewModel\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "TimeSpan? Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Notifications\&.Models\&.NotificationViewModel\&.NotificationOverlayLifespan\fR [get]\fP"

.PP
Implements \fBLuthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Dynamics\&.Models\&.INotification\fP\&.
.PP
Definition at line \fB28\fP of file \fBNotificationViewModel\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "string? Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Notifications\&.Models\&.NotificationViewModel\&.SetFocusOnCloseElementId\fR [get]\fP, \fR [set]\fP"

.PP
Implements \fBLuthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Dynamics\&.Models\&.IDynamicViewModel\fP\&.
.PP
Definition at line \fB40\fP of file \fBNotificationViewModel\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "string Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Notifications\&.Models\&.NotificationViewModel\&.Title\fR [get]\fP"

.PP
Implements \fBLuthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Dynamics\&.Models\&.IDynamicViewModel\fP\&.
.PP
Definition at line \fB31\fP of file \fBNotificationViewModel\&.cs\fP\&.
.SS "string Luthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Notifications\&.Models\&.NotificationViewModel\&.TitleVerbose\fR [get]\fP"

.PP
Implements \fBLuthetus\&.Common\&.RazorLib\&.Dynamics\&.Models\&.IDynamicViewModel\fP\&.
.PP
Definition at line \fB32\fP of file \fBNotificationViewModel\&.cs\fP\&.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Luthetus\&.Ide from the source code\&.
